I one hundred percent understand the idea of everything that I was told to create. It's to create a different way of thinking and displaying information than your basic essay which nobody tends to want to read. 
First, I'd say my work on the Sonification was rather poor of me, as I lack any musical knowledge other than listening to it. My artistic energies have lacked ever since I was made to make a poster board back in grade school, and has stuck with me ever since. I personally tend to stick to art in writing, as I find novels to inspire me to do certain things. Such as Lord of the Rings, Game of Thrones, and Star Wars, have had a huge impact on me and I'd prefer to write a short story which allows me to explain my thoughts rather than contexualize it with pictures and such. However, I do see the interesting factor of the Sonfication as it allows you to understand the Data in a different manner. 
The Mapping was rather cool, as it's much more complex than your typical Power-point, but it's awesome to see the transitions and the fact the coding is free and easy. I think it's a great little tool. 
The Poster I completely screwed up on, as I did it the other night, but my foresight realized the whole point of the exercise. I was meant to give a general idea of the essay rather than my essay being cut into peices and relevant informatiion being copy and pasted. I wish I had fixed that, but it was pretty cool nonetheless. I just find Inkscape to be a little confusing.
Lasting was the static website. That was actualy really cool to see, and rather easy to make given that I had the commands already given to me. I've always been a fan of looking at certain peoples sites, and admiring their work. And it was rather interesting to see my own work come into play. I've messed around with a fair of website editing within Enjiin, and such for communities, but never on this scale.
Overall, the entire story telling factor of these different methods are amazing, and I believe it opened my eyes to take more steps to fully get a grasp of the topic I'm thinking about before even writing. Overall. It's an A+ from me, boss.
