Much like my coding skills, I lack any musical talent. However, it was rather intersting to hear the data and kinda' process it through my  brain in a different manner. Honestly, I was a little dumbfoinded with the idea of using sound as a means to comprehend data, and couldn't wrap my head around the process. 
I do love the mapping area, especially in regards to your example of Arya's Journey. I am an avid George R.R Martin fan, and have read all the books multiple times, and tend to listen to them on a occasional basis. However, I didn't even realize how much Arya was shipped around in the same general area for a while. 
https://uploads.knightlab.com/storymapjs/797d4e2f096da4f62abc449de8488824/aaa/index.html
Despite the small bits of regurgitated knowledge of the Panama Canal, I see how the application of such could be marvelous in any case. 
Planning out things in visuals is actually rather pleasing to me, as allows for the different senses of learning, as you can truly understand the topic more. I spent roughly around an thirty minutes building that Knightlabs poster board. 
There is most likely a common theme here in this course in relation to myself. I came in here stating 'I am decent with a computer' however, I am quite awful at artistical values. I tried to add a bunch of things into my Poster, but the main issue I have is well..Not Copy and pasting the Essay into little blerbs. I feel as if most of my essays aren't able to be translated into something smaller, but I will try. 
Another main issue I seemed to have is creating new lines of text. Most of my applications have been copy and pasting things, and then editting each and every little bit of text to fit the rest of the layout. I assume there is a way, but I'd have to tamper with the settings for what would probably take hours. 
I especially had an issue with fixing the text into the pre-detirmined poster areas, and it was a little rough. I decided to give up on trying to fix and make everything look pretty.
I do not know if this is a user error or such, but the program is hard to copy and paste paragraphs and then be able to size them accordingly to the scheme I need. If I had a choice, I would be try and repurpose the layout of the poster. Other than that, it's a great system. 
Foresight has drawn onto me that I screwed up the Poster entirely. I understand, I wasn't supposed to use so much information and rather small tid bits of knowledge to catch the eye and explain the general statements. 
